Fix typos (#7479)
qutebrowser/qutebrowser: doc/changelog.asciidoc

    * Add `-s`/`--space` argument to `:set-cmd-text` (as `:set-cmd-text "foo "` will now set the literal text `"foo "`)
- Ignore `;;` for splitting with some commands like `:bind`.
- Add unbound (new) default keybindings to config. This also adds a new `<unbound>` special command.

>     * To unbind a command keybinding without binding it to a new key, you now have to bind it to `<unbound>` or it'll be read automatically.

Reviewer: I think this is another one that is wrong.
I'd suggest

```suggestion
    * To unbind a command keybinding without binding it to a new key, you now have to bind it to `<unbound>` or it'll be re-added automatically.
```

instead.

Reviewer 2: Totally! That's what I get for reviewing this before my morning coffee, I thought _"how on earth did I manage to misspell 'read' this bad"_ even :rofl:
